Support Snappy compression for gRPC (#2940)
cortexproject/cortex: CHANGELOG.md

    - `-experimental.tsdb.stripe-size` changed to `-experimental.blocks-storage.tsdb.stripe-size`
    - `-experimental.tsdb.wal-compression-enabled` changed to `-experimental.blocks-storage.tsdb.wal-compression-enabled`
    - `-experimental.tsdb.flush-blocks-on-shutdown` changed to `-experimental.blocks-storage.tsdb.flush-blocks-on-shutdown`

> * [ENHANCEMENT/CHANGE] Added new flags `-*.grpc-compression` to configure compression used by gRPC. Valid values are "gzip", "snappy", "" (no compression, default). Previous flags (`-*.use-gzip-compression`, enumerate) are now deprecated. #2940
>   * `-bigtable.grpc-compression`
>   * `-ingester.client.grpc-compression`
>   * `-querier.frontend-client.grpc-compression`
>   * Deprecated: `-bigtable.grpc-use-gzip-compression`
>   * Deprecated: `-ingester.client.grpc-use-gzip-compression`
>   * Deprecated: `-querier.frontend-client.grpc-use-gzip-compression`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Added new flags `-bigtable.grpc-compression`, `-ingester.client.grpc-compression`, `-querier.frontend-client.grpc-compression` to configure compression used by gRPC. Valid values are `gzip`, `snappy`, or empty string (no compression, default). #2940
* [CHANGE] Flags `-bigtable.grpc-use-gzip-compression`, `-ingester.client.grpc-use-gzip-compression`, `-querier.frontend-client.grpc-use-gzip-compression` are now deprecated. #2940
```

(Note that they should be moved to their respective sections)

* [ENHANCEMENT] Flusher: Added `-flusher.exit-after-flush` option (defaults to true) to control whether Cortex should stop completely after Flusher has finished its work. #2877
* [ENHANCEMENT] Added metrics `cortex_config_hash` and `cortex_runtime_config_hash` to expose hash of the currently active config file. #2874
* [ENHANCEMENT] Logger: added JSON logging support, configured via the `-log.format=json` CLI flag or its respective YAML config option. #2386

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Support Snappy compression for gRPC. #2940

Reviewer: I would rephrase this slightly as: Added new flags to configure compression used by gRPC (mention flags here). Valid values are "gzip", "snappy", "" (no compression, default). Previous flags (*.use-gzip-compression, enumerate) are now deprecated. WDYT?

Reviewer 2: As we are deprecating things, we should move the deprecations to `CHANGE` as well.
